---
title: "2022"
permalink: /our-pride/achievements/cca/2022/
description: ""
---
Singapore Youth Festival (The Youth Station Project)
----------------------------------------------------

**Dacon Leroy Trygve Cristobal from 5 Confidence**&nbsp;took part in the Youth Station Project as part of Singapore Youth Festival Celebrations. We are proud to present the certificate of participation to Trygve for his effort in composing an original song.

<iframe allowfullscreen="true" height="569" width="960" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQhK2l-IzS7KUcdQ8VYKCxlplRUpmy_QSL1iA3Z4O_obqMN5I-HFfL6wOBIvSrgO8obo26CJLkk6C26/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>

Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation (Chinese Dance)
----------------------------------------------------------

Our school's Chinese Dance took part in the Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation in July. Because of COVID-19, the Chinese dance members could only have their dance practice through Zoom for a long period of time. Although they had less than 4 months to practice face to face and prepare for SYF, they really treasure this opportunity and put up an awesome performance.

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSWzSlVQDR1fMr6WKAxOrrRq7yr1jiENOyBzcNicBq9SQwJZNrGP8y4lkP_4ZUJJwMWAF5VztDA8fOm/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000" frameborder="0" width="960" height="569" allowfullscreen="true"></iframe>

Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation (Band)
-------------------------------------------------

Our school's Brass Band took part in the recent Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation. They have put in many hours of hard work and practice to prepare themselves for this showcase.

<iframe allowfullscreen="true" height="569" width="960" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSBA-s3284GqC2WTe38cb1us_LNy_TkpPph2qnPL2IFCp6OHYnTu3rX5SSNUTWdIHK6SGWh3xAkmQf4/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>

National School Games - Floorball (Junior)
------------------------------------------

18 of our Floorball Junior Girls participated in Floorball National School Games 2022. The mates were played over July and August. Although our girls did not win any medals, they successfully completed the competition despite facing much bigger and stronger opponents.

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQtenC3aKsi2jazWBBsFI6yExUdjUbEjM_5OwQm8u2R5FhojKd6KP1qscH0vONt3AkwbW9Wf2x_xNlH/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000" frameborder="0" width="960" height="569" allowfullscreen="true"></iframe>

We would also like to compliment&nbsp;**Nur Alya Nabilah Binte Mohammed Endy from 5C**&nbsp;for receiving the prestigious Sportsmanship Award. She has displayed good leadership and perseverance in the face of sheer pressure, while respecting others, including her opponents.  

National School Games - Basketball (Junior)
-------------------------------------------

Our Basketball Junior boys participated in the Basketball Nationals School Games 2022. We are happy and proud to announce that the boys emerged Champions in the Tier 2 Division. The boys worked hard despite all challenges. They also showed PRIDE during the games.

<iframe allowfullscreen="true" height="569" width="960" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vTn6AosQhApQbqY6p7Fj_XrvymXE5si2yQ3phn-078emrBFXF6UBHJ5oEKG0X2ON2tsiM7OqtHvznTQ/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>

All these would not be possible without the positive influence of the&nbsp;**TRYGVE (captain)**&nbsp;and&nbsp;**HAO JIE (Vice captain)**&nbsp;**from 5C**. They led the team well, motivated and inspired their teammates to do better during the journey.  
  
We would also like to compliment&nbsp;**CHEE HUN from 5C**&nbsp;and&nbsp;**JOSEF from 5D**&nbsp;for receiving the prestigious Sportsmanship Award. Chee Hun showed determination and grit at the face of challenges. Josef extended his care towards his teammates and even to his opponents. They are truly a positive influence for all of us.  

National School Games - Rugby (Junior)
--------------------------------------

15 of our Rugby Junior boys participated in Rugby National School Games 2022. The matches were played over July &amp; August. Although our boys did not win any medals, they successfully completed the competition despite facing much bigger and stronger opponents.

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vQTCQ5JYWZTea5b6c34y0nU0vEGGDoZnW41EplnrgCJijZniZ_1ibakwEe-MfIxdnGQTL1HLJvKAFHB/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000" frameborder="0" width="960" height="569" allowfullscreen="true"></iframe>

We would like to acknowledge the important contributions of&nbsp;**NITHILAN PARAMASIVAM (Captain) from 5B**&nbsp;and&nbsp;**ANAGARADJ DEV (Vice Captain) from 4C**. These 2 leaders have led the team well, motivating and guidng their teammates during the journey.  
  
We would also like to compliment&nbsp;**NOOR ARISH SHAKEEL from 4A**&nbsp;for receiving the prestigious Sportsmanship Award. He has displayed grit and excellence in the face of sheer pressure, while respecting others, including his opponents  

Participation in Project Joy
----------------------------

We are proud to present the certificate of participation to 9 pupils who took part in an art installation project organised by Cashew Youth Network. The objective of the project was to show our appreciation as a community to the healthcare workers in Bukit Panjang community. The artwork is displayed at Bukit Panjang Polyclinic.

<iframe allowfullscreen="true" height="569" width="960" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vRpZE-ZYB2GeORbEEPARqWcFeDH81W0vlz83yoLe8q26bBeZsfaOeGPskCq16_NnNmoXBwaYnYt7X7D/embed?start=false&amp;loop=false&amp;delayms=3000"></iframe>

73rd National Schools Chess Championships 2022 (Individual category)
--------------------------------------------------------------------

